Update Semgrep exit codes (#656)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/cli-reference.md

## Exit codes

> <!-- The exit codes are located in cli/src/semgrep/error.py in open source code of Semgrep repository. -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- Source code reference - the exit codes are located in the Semgrep repository - https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep/blob/develop/cli/src/semgrep/error.py. -->
```

## Exit codes

<!-- The exit codes are located in cli/src/semgrep/error.py in open source code of Semgrep repository. -->

Semgrep can finish with the following exit codes:

- **1**: Semgrep ran successfully and found issues in your code (and the `--error` flag is set).
- **0**: Semgrep ran successfully and found no errors (or did find errors, but the `--error` flag is **not** set).
- **2**: Semgrep failed.
- **4**: Semgrep encountered an invalid pattern in rule schema.
- **5**: Semgrep configuration is not valid YAML.
- **7**: At least one rule in configuration is invalid.
- **8**: Semgrep does not understand specified language.
- **13**: The API key is invalid.

> - **14**: Semgrep scan failed.

Author: @brendongo what is the meaning of this exit code? It looks like a duplicate of exit code 2. I could not find it in our codebase outside of its definition (not used anywhere else).
